# `BlockType`
The `BlockType` object represents a single type of block. Each block type has it's own globally unique `BlockUID` and is typically assigned a `BlockID` for a given `Game`.

The `BlockType` is an abstract interface, for most practical purposes, the `ComponentBlockType` subclass should be used.

## Properties
### `uid: BlockUID`
UID of the block type, unique globally.

### `id: BlockID`
ID of the block type, for the currently active game (uses the `Game.game` thread-local variable).

# Block functions
The `BlockType` class contains a number of abstract functions that define the behaviour of the block type. These behaviour functions are implemented in a subclass of `BlockType` (the low-level way – not recommended) or are defined in various components of `ComponentBlockType` (the recommended way).

**The block functions are temporary and subject to change in the future.**

## `B_Args`
Because the block function arguments can change in the future, they are only passed as a single structure so that the function declarations don't have to be changed everywhere. Each block function has its own structure for arguments, all strucgures extend the `B_Args` base structure.

#### `B_Args`
* `ctx: WorldBlockContext`

## Initialization/deinitialization

### `b_created(args: B_CreatedArgs)`
This method is invoked when the block is created using any means - generated by worldgen, placed by the player, ...

#### `B_CreatedArgs: B_Args`
* `source: enum`
  * `Unknown`
  * `WorldGen`

### `b_preWorldEnter(args: B_PreWorldEnterArgs)`
This method is invoked just after the chunk is generated/loaded, before it enters the world.

This method **is not called on the world thread** and does not have access to the world or other chunk. It is supposed to be only used for basic initialization and subscribing to events.

#### `B_PreWorldEnterArgs: B_Args`

### `b_postWorldEnter(args: B_PostWorldEnterArgs)`
This method is invoked just after the chunk enters the world (after being generated or loaded).

This method requires subscription to `WorldEvent.PostWorldEnter`.

#### `B_PostWorldEnterArgs: B_Args`

### `b_preWorldExit(args: B_PreWorldExitArgs)`
This method is invoked just before the chunk is unloaded from the world.

This method requires subscription to `WorldEvent.PreWorldExit`.

#### `B_PreWorldExitArgs: B_Args`

## Rendering

#### `B_RenderArgs: B_Args`
* `builder: MultiRenderDataBuilder`

### `b_staticRender(args: B_StaticRenderArgs)`
This function is called when the static rendering mesh is being build.

The function is not called for all the blocks in the chunk - as many calls are optimized out based on the `b_renderOptimizationFlags`. For example:
* Air blocks do not get the function called
* If a block is surrounded by opaque blocks from all sides, the function is not called
* If a block is fully aggregated, the function is not called (unless `BlockRenderOptimizationFlag.CanFullyAggregate` is not set)
* Et cetera. This is mostly internal stuff that won't bother you unless you implement your own static rendering functions.

#### `B_StaticRenderArgs: B_RenderArgs`

### `b_dynamicRender(args: B_DynamicRenderArgs)`
This function requires subscription to `WorldEvent.DynamicRender`. When subscribed, it is called every frame.

#### `B_DynamicRenderArgs: B_RenderArgs`